INSTRUCTIONS
by Christian Morales
Updated 3/17/2024 *


Get all of the files in this folder, and insure they are all in the same folder together.
Ensure you ran the run.bash/run.sh in the main to get all of the libraries.

To compile: "  g++ -Wall *.cpp -o PlayerEntry.exe -lsfml-graphics -lsfml-window -lsfml-system -lcurl  "     (replace *.cpp if you want with the program filenames)
Run using "   ./PlayerEntry.exe   "

Player Entry screen should appear.

To enter data: 
  Hover your mouse point over the "cell" you wish to enter data     (Traditional keyboard controls do not work at present)
  Left column is for IDs, middle column for codenames, right column for Equipment number.
  ID + Codename = Player
  Typing with the mouse point over the cell will put text in the cell
  Entering IDs that are already in the database will cause the codename associated to appear in the second column. (The ID/Codename combos already in the database should print to console on program start)
  Press F12 to clear all of the cells
  Press F5 to finish entering data       (Exiting the window normally will end the program prematurely)

  The Play Action screen will appear displaying the information you entered.
  Press the left arrow key to generate events in the scrolling text box.



sudo chmod 777 arial.ttf 
to give permissions


more info
On lines ~129, need a broadcast to send the equipment ids, the comments layout more stuff. 

Lines 645, 710/759, some stuff was added that I thought might help, playerSelectedPlace should allow you to select players from the two tables according to received data and update the 
respective players data accordingly.


The pseudo-traffic generator below that need redoing with the UDP communication.

I'm sorry, I wanted to do more initial setup to help you with setting up the UDP, but time is running short for me and I just wanted to get you something to work with before it was truly too late.

I might be able to help some in this evening and maybe tommorow morning.
